README.md, before:

# Blogging application - ECE Webtech project

*presentation, introduction, ...*

## Production

- Vercel URL: https://...
- Supabase project URL: https://app.supabase.com/project/...

## Usage

*how to start and use the application, run the tests, ...*

- Clone this repository, from your local machine:

  ```bash
  git clone ...
  cd ...
  ```

- Start the the application

  ```bash
  cd app
  # Install dependencies (use yarn or npm)
  npm install
  npm run build
  npm start
  ```

- Start Supabase

  ```bash
  cd supabase
  docker compose up
  ```

## Authors

*name, email, ...*

## Tasks
  
**Project management:**

- Naming convention  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Project structure  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Git  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Code quality  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Design, UX, and content  
  *place your graduation and comments*

**Application development:**

- Home page  
  /2  
  A améliorer
- Login and profile page  
  /4  
  En cours  
  Login with github
- New articles creation  
  /6  
  Done
- New comment creation  
  /4  
  Done
- Resource access control  
  /6  
  TO DO
- Article modification  
  /4  
  Done
- Article removal  
  /2  
  Done
- Comment modification  
  /2  
  Done
- Comment removal  
  /2
  Done
- Account settings  
  /4  
  Done (username, firstname, lastname, email)
- WYSIWYG integration  
  /2  
  En cours (tiptap)
- Gravatar integration  
  /2  
  Done
- Light/dark theme  
  /2  
  TO DO
- Accent color selection  
  /4
  TO DO

## Bonus

- Task title  
  *place your graduation and comments*

Commit message:

feat: more date for article card (author, created_at)

README.md, after:

# Blogging application - ECE Webtech project

*presentation, introduction, ...*

## Production

- Vercel URL: https://...
- Supabase project URL: https://app.supabase.com/project/...

## Usage

*how to start and use the application, run the tests, ...*

- Clone this repository, from your local machine:

  ```bash
  git clone ...
  cd ...
  ```

- Start the the application

  ```bash
  cd app
  # Install dependencies (use yarn or npm)
  npm install
  npm run build
  npm start
  ```

- Start Supabase

  ```bash
  cd supabase
  docker compose up
  ```

## Authors

*name, email, ...*

## Tasks
  
**Project management:**

- Naming convention  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Project structure  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Git  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Code quality  
  *place your graduation and comments*
- Design, UX, and content  
  *place your graduation and comments*

**Application development:**

- Home page  
  1/2  
  A améliorer
- Login and profile page  
  3/4  
  En cours  
  Login with github
- New articles creation  
  6/6  
  Done
- New comment creation  
  4/4  
  Done
- Resource access control  
  /6  
  TO DO
- Article modification  
  4/4  
  Done
- Article removal  
  2/2  
  Done, when the article is removed all its comments are removed too
- Comment modification  
  2/2  
  Done
- Comment removal  
  2/2
  Done
- Account settings  
  /4  
  Done (username, firstname, lastname, email)
- WYSIWYG integration  
  /2  
  TO DO
- Gravatar integration  
  2/2  
  Done
- Light/dark theme  
  2/2  
  Done
- Accent color selection  
  /4
  TO DO

## Bonus

- Task title  
  *place your graduation and comments*
